Anime Catalog Web Application
This is a full stack web application that allows users to browse a catalog of anime titles, view details about each anime, watch movie trailers related to the anime, and save selected anime to a SQL database.

Features
Browse Anime Catalog: Users can browse through a catalog of anime titles fetched from an Anime API.
View Anime Details: Users can click on an anime title to view more details about the selected anime, including its synopsis, release date, genre, and rating.
Watch Movie Trailers: Users can watch movie trailers related to the selected anime directly within the application.
Save Favorite Anime: Users can save their favorite anime titles to a SQL database by clicking on the "Save" button.
Technologies Used
Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Backend: Node.js, Express.js
Database: SQL (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)
External API: Anime API (e.g., MyAnimeList API, AniList API)
Additional Libraries: Axios (for making HTTP requests), Bootstrap (for styling)

Installation
Clone the repository:
bash

git clone https://github.com/your-username/anime-catalog.git
Navigate to the project directory:
bash

cd anime-catalog
Install dependencies:

npm install
Set up the database:

Create a SQL database to store the favorite anime titles.
Update the database configuration in the config/db.js file.
Set up API access:

Sign up for an account and obtain API credentials from the Anime API provider.
Update the API configuration in the config/api.js file.
Start the server:

sql

npm start
Open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:4001 to access the application.
Usage
Browse Anime Catalog: Explore the list of anime titles displayed on the homepage.
View Anime Details: Click on an anime title to view more details about the selected anime.
Watch Movie Trailers: Click on the "Watch Trailer" button to watch movie trailers related to the selected anime.
Save Favorite Anime: Click on the "Save" button to save the selected anime to your favorites list.
Credits
Anime API: [Insert Anime API Provider Name and Link]
Movie Trailer API: [Insert Movie Trailer API Provider Name and Link]
